hey guys welcome to food drinks and rock
and roll i'm chef nathan lippy and today
i'm going to show you how to make a
frosted flakes panna cotta
you
the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to heat up some whole milk
panna cotta is kind of like things like
creme brulee but instead of being
custard based its gelatin based so we're
going to add about a cup a cup and a
half of whole milk I'm going to bring
this up to a simmer don't boil it just
bring it up to a simmer what we want to
do is we want to flavor our milk some
panna cottas have like you know vanilla
or honey we're actually using cereal
we're using frosted flakes today two of
my favorite parts about eating cereal as
a kid was drinking the milk afterwards
so we're basically doing now but as
grown-ups so we're going to add some of
our frosted flakes to our milk not about
a cup to two cups of your cereal
basically going to cook it in the milk
and it's going to kind of get soggy but
that's okay we want to release all that
sweetness and all that flavor let that
go for four or five minutes until the
milk starts to simmer in a separate
little Bowl we're going to add some
heavy cream about half a cup now we're
going to use powdered gelatin if you've
never seen this knocks as a really great
brand it's basically just these little
packets and they've got powdered gelatin
and then it looks kind of like this kind
of like a like a sugar packet but it's
got gelatin in there so we're going to
let the gelatin bloom blooming is when
the gelatin actually becomes active so
we're going to sprinkle it over the top
of our cold liquid this is our heavy
cream I think one packet for about a cup
and a half of liquid and we should be
solid we're going to let this sit for
two or three minutes to let the gelatin
bloom and kind of absorb some of the
liquid and it kind of gets active that's
how it's going to cling everything
together and bind the dessert together
so let's get back to our milk once this
is simmered for just a few minutes
you'll notice the color starts to
slightly change so you're starting to
get a bit of a darker color almost the
color of the cereal that means all the
flavor is releasing from the flakes into
the liquid if you want to you can add a
little bit more sugar this if you want
it to be a bit more sweet I'm okay with
it how it is or you can add agave which
is really fun but I'm gonna go ahead and
just use the flakes and the milk so now
we're going to strain this
over our other liquid so strain this
right over the top now I'm going to take
a whisk and give this a good stir and
try to incorporate and dissolve all of
the gelatin all the powdered gelatin
once all the gelatin is nice and
dissolved we're going to add them to
these really cool little rubber molds
that I have we're going to add it right
over the top just like that now we're
going to put these in the fridge and let
them set whenever gelatin has a chance
to firm up they call that setting so I'm
going to let these set in the fridge for
anywhere between two two and a half
three hours or so so it's been about
three hours our gelatin is nice and set
to play this we're going to take our
little mold and just release the panna
cotta from the edges flip them over let
them come out right on the center of the
plate just like that i'm going to use
just some fresh fresh berries to garnish
this is something i really like to do
with with strawberries nice pretty
little blackberry and we're good and
then the last little touch we got a
garnish there you go that's how you make
a frosted flakes panna cotta now the
nice thing about this the desert is it's
it's silly and it's fun but it's really
really delicious so you've got this
delicate texture with all that that
beautiful flavor from the frosted flakes
mmm this is really fun if you want to go
home and you want to play with your kids
and do some really fun cooking for
dessert this is a fun one or just
impress your friends or whatever make
sure you guys go to facebook.com slash
chef nathan lippy go to twitter.com /
chef nathan lippy and don't forget every
saturday we're live on ustream TV / food
drinks and rock and roll one o'clock you
guys can log on what facebook and all
the other stuff but i make sure you get
a facebook twitter and ustream i'll see
you guys next time
you